What kind of garbage is this?
What is this?
You didn't really pick it up in the trash, did you?
I said you should give this to grandma.
What kind of heart do you have?
This is the Chinese medicine I carefully prepared for my grandmother
Tyrannical grandma's head
Grandma's headache
A few months of illness each year
Flowers can't cure 1 million
It's better than what this bag is
You are crazy!
Oh, by the way, I guess your bag?
You didn't even spend 100 yuan, did you?
Hey, that's too much.
I spent 38.
How much is it hahaha
38 yuan, a gift from your kid to grandma.
I laughed my teeth out.
Haha, 38 yuan.
Hahaha Siyao
This guy's a weirdo.
That was an eye-opener.
Business frost please
Can you not be ashamed?
It's not slander.
This is our Wu family in Diao